ERRATA.md, before:

# FreeBSD

## Hosts which underwent an upgrade from 13.0 to 13.1

On hosts which have upgraded from 13.0 to 13.1, the virtualbox driver gives the following error:
```
VBoxHeadless: Error -1908 in suplibOsInit!
VBoxHeadless: Kernel driver not installed

VBoxHeadless: Tip! Make sure the kernel module is loaded. It may also help to reinstall VirtualBox.
```

With the September quarterlies, and Virtualbox version 6.1.36, you will need to remove the driver and uninstall Virtualbox, then reboot.

```
kldunload vboxdrv
pkg delete -f virtualbox-ose virtualbox-ose-kmod 
```

Now reboot, and log back in as root.

```
pkg install -y virtualbox-ose virtualbox-ose-kmod
kldload vboxdrv
mkdir -p /etc/vbox
mkdir -p /usr/local/etc/vbox
echo "* 0.0.0.0/0" > /usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf
ln -s /usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf /etc/vbox/networks.conf
service vboxnet restart
```

The `packbox` and `startvms` commands should work fine now.

## Conflicting dependency issues with Vagrant plugins

The plugin `vagrant-disksize` may start to give errors about "Conflicting dependency chains" on a host which upgraded. Attempts to fix by upgrading gems only make the problem worse.

The solution is to install a fresh FreeBSD-13.1 system with quarterlies packages and run through detailed install again. The plugin install works correctly then.

## FreeBSD 13.1 uses /usr/local/etc/vbox

While most `virtualbox` installations make use of `/etc/vbox`, including older FreeBSD versions 12.x, 13.0, from FreeBSD 13.1 `/usr/local/etc/vbox/` is used and `/etc/box/` shouldn't exist.

However if `/etc/vbox` doesn't exist there is an error. You can create the directory and symlink across `/usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf`, and you'll still get an error as follows. You can safely ignore it.
```
packer-builder-virtualbox-iso plugin: stderr: WARNING: Directory /etc/vbox found, but ignored. VirtualBox
configuration files are stored in /usr/local/etc/vbox/.
```

Commit message:

Update versions of pot images
Update pf firewall ruleset

Restrict CPU count to 1

Switch from Latest to Quarterlies package sources for nginx-full

Fix links to repo in README files

Update consul config for consul client on servers

Add back preparenextcloud.sh script

ERRATA.md, after:

# FreeBSD

## Hosts which underwent an upgrade from 13.0 to 13.1

On hosts which have upgraded from 13.0 to 13.1, the virtualbox driver gives the following error:
```
VBoxHeadless: Error -1908 in suplibOsInit!
VBoxHeadless: Kernel driver not installed

VBoxHeadless: Tip! Make sure the kernel module is loaded. It may also help to reinstall VirtualBox.
```

With the September quarterlies, and Virtualbox version 6.1.36, you will need to remove the driver and uninstall Virtualbox, then reboot.

```
kldunload vboxdrv
pkg delete -f virtualbox-ose virtualbox-ose-kmod 
```

Now reboot, and log back in as root.

```
pkg install -y virtualbox-ose virtualbox-ose-kmod
kldload vboxdrv
mkdir -p /etc/vbox
mkdir -p /usr/local/etc/vbox
echo "* 0.0.0.0/0" > /usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf
ln -s /usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf /etc/vbox/networks.conf
service vboxnet restart
```

The `packbox` and `startvms` commands should work fine now.

## Conflicting dependency issues with Vagrant plugins

The plugin `vagrant-disksize` may start to give errors about "Conflicting dependency chains" on a host which upgraded. 

Attempts to fix by upgrading gems only make the problem worse.

The solution is to install a fresh FreeBSD-13.1 system with quarterlies packages and run through detailed install again. The plugin install works correctly then.

However, you can also try the following, which works to update everything without dependency errors:
```
VAGRANT_DISABLE_STRICT_DEPENDENCY_ENFORCEMENT=1 VAGRANT_ALLOW_PRERELEASE=1 vagrant upgrade
```

## FreeBSD 13.1 uses /usr/local/etc/vbox

While most `virtualbox` installations make use of `/etc/vbox`, including older FreeBSD versions 12.x, 13.0, from FreeBSD 13.1 `/usr/local/etc/vbox/` is used and `/etc/box/` shouldn't exist.

However if `/etc/vbox` doesn't exist there is an error. You can create the directory and symlink across `/usr/local/etc/vbox/networks.conf`, and you'll still get an error as follows. You can safely ignore it.
```
packer-builder-virtualbox-iso plugin: stderr: WARNING: Directory /etc/vbox found, but ignored. VirtualBox
configuration files are stored in /usr/local/etc/vbox/.
```
